give me your pain is my motherfucking
nigga Lloyd Banks yeah Lloyd Banks ah
aka the top of the food chain recipes
the fruity top rest in peace to Kevin
brauch who the fuck is in here with me
[Music]
busco nigga right oh thanks nigga hope
you fold and then go from that road
nigga or you bitch-ass niggas when I'm
not around you're gonna snuffing I got a
hundred modem shit you want one don't be
next another Navy next wish y'all get
off my dick you got album to do I Spit a
punchline now you won't get to 2002
million sight get round with a crew and
get found powdery blue can't be proud of
you I get love like a chat with a flu
y'all wanna battle me response from the
crowd abhi oh my age you're always my
pops I got some for newbies that comes
up in the baggie bitch shower holding my
cock doing laundry havoc in the world am
i sighs I know niggas that I grew up
with I sold to the cops and I found beat
the fuck up slow to a nice motherfucking
up in school so I told in the stop use
it to coach your grades in home and spot
girl I plan to leave my neck and ham
frozen with rocks so every bitch watch
when I pose on a block with my flow with
the top mr. Rose of the driving a weed
and speeding on the road with the white
play hot boy and get a coal in a chop
come back quarter water holding your top
love the way I put our toes and they're
not blows and a spot middle finger rose
to your block you say I'm too smart
around listening is want me in that new
spring with quote sharp design of
vanilla to the chocolate con so I'm so
up at parades
unless it's for the March of Dimes
around
[Music]
Rose can kill I'm probably average about
of your ball beef I put air holes in the
side of your car drove coming smiley
faces on the side of the jaw please I
put smiley faces on the side of your jaw
I'm sick of the law game with road trips
on the floor fuck at all I'd say you
want a trip to the floor
I'm like friends that borrow clothes
quick to the draw dipped envelope since
a kid shoplifting the store I should've
listened before summer hot slipped in
the door name Bank start digging your
hole too much from one borough you can
go get a piece of lawyer b4 show up on
your porch like beat the ball teachers
gave me s so I get it teachers noise
whoever thought to drop out be on the
beach with toys I got four ons
two for fighting wonderful fucking my
other one I have you ducking not round
three know why you mad
somebody told you I was hot didn't a
hook cover your nose I got a whole lot
of shit to say you sound like me spit it
in a different way you know right no
hits nigga put your RIS away every time
you see me I'm looking like it's picture
day I'm athletic I'm ticked off shipping
spray I'm the best no surprise bus
information
I'll put DNA all up in your bitch's
brains are you eating when you're
skinning like you sick waves being me
and never happened like nigga raids why
you wanna kill a nickel bags I'm blowing
out a fifth a haze imma be around when
they forget to J's no freebies now you
gotta pay me bucks I turn niggas like
you and the baby butts and now on DJ but
I give you 80 cuts nigga I'm a grown-ass
man go battle Lady Luck fuck you
Oh round knockout Ned